Feature: Clone a release of githooks into the install folder (#86)
rycus86/githooks: README.md

$ sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://r.viktoradam.net/githooks)" -- --use-core-hookspath --template-dir /home/public/.githooks
```

If you want to install from another repository (e.g. from your own fork), you can specify the update repository url 
as well as the branch name (default: `master`) when installing with:

> ```shell

Reviewer: Missing new line before the code block and missing `$` before the shell command. I'll add these directly to master after merging.

Author: thx

$ sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://r.viktoradam.net/githooks)" -- --use-core-hookspath --template-dir /home/public/.githooks
```

> When you want to install from another url (e.g. from your own fork) you can specify the release repository url 
> as well as the branch name (default: `master`) when installing with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install from another repository (e.g. from your own fork), you can specify the release repository URL
as well as the branch name (default: `master`) when installing with:
```

```shell

> sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://r.viktoradam.net/githooks)" -- --release-clone-url "https://server.com/my-githooks-fork.git" --release-clone-url "release"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://r.viktoradam.net/githooks)" -- --release-clone-url "https://server.com/my-githooks-fork.git" --release-clone-branch "release"
```

Author: :+1:

> When you want to install from another url (e.g. from your own fork) you can specify the release repository url 
> as well as the branch name (default: `master`) when installing with:
> 
> ```shell
> sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://r.viktoradam.net/githooks)" -- --release-clone-url "https://server.com/my-githooks-fork.git" --release-clone-url "release"
> ```
> 
> which will then be used for installation and further updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install from another repository (e.g. from your own fork), you can specify the release repository URL 
as well as the branch name (default: `master`) when installing with:

```shell
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://r.viktoradam.net/githooks)" -- --release-clone-url "https://server.com/my-githooks-fork.git" --release-clone-branch "release"
```

This will be then used for installation and further updates.
```

> which will then be used for installation and further updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will be then used for installation and further updates.
```
